OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-why-use-operators.adoc

[id="olm-why-use-operators_{context}"]
= Why use Operators?

[role="_abstract"]

> Operators package operational knowledge to automate application lifecycle tasks on Kubernetes. Using Operators in {product-title}, you gain repeatable installs, health checks, over-the-air updates, and shared expertise encoded in software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators package operational knowledge to automate application lifecycle tasks on Kubernetes. Operators provide  repeatable installs, health checks, over-the-air updates, and shared expertise encoded in software.
```
